[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[tense music]
That's enough.
Jang Han-seok.
Ah, shit.
Secret's out.
How did you know?
Where there's smoke, there's fire,
and you are holding the match.
Damn. I thought no one would find me
even if I burn it all down.
Any last words?
[tense music]
Just do it then.
You Mafia shithead.
Sounds good to me.
[gun cocks]
[suspenseful music]
-[gunshot]
-[gasps]
[Joon-woo breathes heavily]
That was a blank, Mr. Cassano,
but the next one won't be.
Put the gun down.
This is the real chairman of Babel.
He's Jang Han-seok.
What? No, I'm not! Please!
Shut up!
[Mr. Jung] If he really is
Chairman Jang Han-seok,
I'll take it from here.
[sobbing]
I'm not Jang Han-seok! I'm not!
[whimpering]
Mr. Cassano!
Stand down or we'll fire.
[whispers]
Come on, shoot me, Mafia.
-[breathes heavily]
-[gun cocks]
[Joon-woo whimpering]
[Mr. Jung] Put the gun down.
Go on. Shoot.
[seething]
[Mr. Jung] Mr. Cassano.
[grunting]
-[gun clicks]
-[breathes heavily]
[Joon-woo panting]
[Joon-woo breathes heavily]
[clanking]
[panting]
[Mr. Jung] I saw your broadcast
so I went to the underpass.
The scene had been cleaned,
but there were bullet holes
and traces of blood.
So, I've been keeping a close eye
on you ever since.
Take him away.
[tense music]
We need you to come with us.
Okay.
EPISODE 12
[sighs]
Going so soon, huh, Mr. Chairman?
-Cha-young.
-Of course, he is.
Mr. Jang is a victim of attempted murder.
There was no reason
to detain him any longer.
Cha-young, believe me,
it's a misunderstanding.
Get off of him! What are you doing?
Cha-young, I'm begging you.
A moment, please, Ms. Choi.
-[panting]
-[sighs]
I really don't know what's going on.
Okay, let's pretend that it was
totally fine that you lied to me for ages.
You had your fun. I feel like an idiot,
and we never have to lay eyes
on each other again.
But, what you did,
all of the people that you murdered
while hiding like a coward,
not feeling any guilt or remorse at all.
That means you do not deserve to live.
You are less than scum, you got that?
[Cha-young] Good.
[Joon-woo]
Cha-young, I'm innocent, I swear!
Trust me.
You piece of shit! Drop the damn act!
Go help your partner, okay?
Attempted murder with an illegal weapon,
he is done!
Oh, we are just getting started.
Take good care of your boss.
Cha-young!
PROSECUTOR JUNG IN-KUK
Mr. Cassano,
it appears your gun was a fake.
All of your bullets too.
Mr. Cassano enjoys collecting fake guns.
It's one of his hobbies.
[snickers]
He's also a member of the mob.
A Cassano consigliere.
My client is a complicated person.
[chuckles]
A consigliere with a fake gun?
Hmm. Wow.
Meaning, all he did was violate
Article 11 of the Gun Control Act,
by carrying an imitation firearm.
It is not attempted murder.
It's aggravated intimidation.
So you had no intention
of killing Jang Han-seok?
As his attorney, I will answer for him.
No. Answer, Mr. Cassano.
If I do, then will you release me?
[chuckles]
I'm way more useful out there
just so you know.
[Mr. Jung sighs]
You'll have to do better than that.
[Cha-young]
Jang Han-seok, you're going to kill him?
Oh, no. The plan's changed.
It's time to take inspiration
from the rules of revenge of the Mafia.
First rule of revenge.
"Use your enemy's greatest fear."
Second rule.
"Go after what's most important to them."
His greatest fear, that would be people
finding out about his true identity.
As for what's most important to him,
that's obvious, Babel.
[sighs]
So let's wage a war on two fronts then.
If we do…
you're going to have to stay here
in Korea.
I'm only staying because of you.
Even if I kill Jang Han-seok
before leaving,
Babel would still be powerful,
and they'd be set against you.
I was hoping you wouldn't have to take
the fight with them alone.
[chuckles]
Let's start by encouraging the chairman
to, uh, reveal himself.
We'll need somewhere to start.
That's Prosecutor Jung.
[suspenseful music]
THANK YOU FOR YOUR COOPERATION
WITH THE REDEVELOPMENT
[phone vibrates]
Yes?
[Hyeok-pil] The man who's been
following you since yesterday
is one of Prosecutor Jung's men.
[Vincenzo] I'm not one for long speeches,
but I had to stall until you got there.
Sounds good to me.
[gun cocks]
-[gunshot]
-[scoffs]
I'm sure you'll agree, prosecutor,
that we have done our part.
Go put some pressure on him.
And why would I wanna do that?
Babel's real chairman is within
your grasp, and you wanna let him go?
I heard that you are ready to bring
six big charges against the Babel Group.
That is a lot of work for you
to take on alone,
don't you think?
Someone's been talking to the reporters.
Well, this time,
we'll be glad to help you.
One pal to another.
You've got us at least.
[Vincenzo speaking Italian]
[continues speaking Italian]
"Finding a true friend,
is like finding a treasure."
[sighs]
[upbeat music]
[Joon-woo] Damn it.
[Seung-hyuk] Should we do something?
They got dirt all over my floor!
[Joon-woo] Why did they have
to come in here with their shoes on?
[sighs]
Why don't you tell me
what happened to Vincenzo?
-Well, sir--
-Prosecutor Jung concluded
that Vincenzo's gun was fake,
and he should only be charged
with aggravated intimidation.
Oh, I'll get that.
[laughs]
A fake gun?
I think Prosecutor Jung made it up.
[sighs deeply]
He says he's got integrity
when he's in league
with a member of the Mafia.
I think you may wanna lay low
for a little while.
Nope.
Nope. I'm fine.
[sighs]
Let him try to kill me.
It's not Vincenzo, it's Prosecutor Jung.
-He wants to summon you, sir.
-What?
The thing is, uh, Mr. Jung,
he's hoping to bring six big charges
against Babel Group, sir.
He thinks he's got the power
to summon me whenever he wants.
Sir, you could let me go instead,
and maybe, you just stay
at Father's vacation home.
[pigeons cooing]
[sighs]
Buongiorno, Gilbert.
I mean, Inzaghi.
[pigeons cooing]
Hmm. Who is Gilbert?
[exhales]
[tense music]
Gilbert.
I love your name.
You know, it's, uh, Gilbeot, not Gilbert.
It means "a friend on the road".
I'm a nomad.
A nomad?
Well, then…
[clears throat]
A bar, was it…
where you heard about the gold?
[sighs]
The people from the Plaza know.
Anyone else?
Mm-mm. Just those guys.
They gave me beer and pizza,
so I spilled all the beans.
Mm.
Could you help me out?
Could you leave here and never come back?
Why should I, huh?
And when you go, you can forget
everything you know about the gold.
I don't want to.
I'm going to spend the rest of my life
right here in Geumga-dong.
I'm sure there are plenty
of better places to live.
Much better.
Are you kidding me with this?
Geumga-dong is my favorite.
I love Geumga-dong!
[mumbling]
This is unbelievable. I mean…
What do you think? Maybe that will help
you leave, and forget about the gold.
What do you mean? Gold?
What are you talking about?
What gold, huh? Gold?
[groans]
I'm getting a little tipsy.
[snores]
[snorts]
Who are you?
What's this?
Oh, that's so weird.
I mean, why do I have your phone?
[lively music]
I appreciate it.
Not at all, man.
-Go on, eat up.
-Okay.
[snickers]
[Vincenzo]
So I've done some digging, and I've gotten
to the bottom of the rumor
about the gold here in Geumga Plaza.
[Toto] Well, is it true, Mr. Cassano.
Tell us.
Not at all.
It's completely made up.
[Vincenzo laughs]
Well, that can't be true.
Gilbert even had a picture of the gold.
Oh, that picture?
[chuckles]
I'm sure he just went
and found that thing online as a joke.
[Larry] Hey, wait a second.
How did he have data?
He couldn't even pay his phone bill.
He wouldn't need data.
You can get Wi-Fi for free everywhere.
I love Korea. Yup!
That Gilbert is resourceful. Like anyone
who wants to survive in the wild.
[Mr. Lee] You're right.
It's gonna be cold up there,
so bring gloves and hats, yeah?
-Layer up. Okay?
-Got it.
Thank you very much.
-No problem. Safe travels.
-[customer] Thanks a lot.
-Safe travels. Hey, Mr. Park!
-[Mr. Park] Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Mr. Park. Mr. Park, listen!
There's gold in here.
It's hidden somewhere.
[scoffs]
Yeah, okay. Sure, buddy, gold.
[stammers]
[Su-nam] It's true, sir.
The other tenants know all about the gold.
Joke's over. You can stop it.
It's not funny.
[sighs]
Unbelievable.
JIPURAGI LAW FIRM
[mysterious music]
Oh! Oh, you scared me.
Can I help you with something?
Yes. I heard a story from a student once…
about what's hidden in this building,
and it's not gold.
It's a ghost.
Right down there.
Ten years ago, a man was murdered here
and buried under cement.
Now, every full moon, he cries out,
"Cement, cement, cement…"
"Cement."
"Cement, cement…"
But, thanks to the beautiful
Nanyak Temple's powerful aura,
the ghost is now trapped forever.
So beware,
should anyone damage this place,
their precious soul will be possessed.
Okay.
Why are you telling me this?
I wonder.
Cement, cement, cement…
Cement, cement, cement, cement, cement…
[Mi-ri] Cement…
Whoa.
[sighs]
Call me if you need anything.
-I'm counting on you.
-You can trust me.
[Joon-woo]
Before, I figured you were useless.
Now, I think
you might be getting too reliable.
Well, I've, uh, been working really hard,
you know, studying.
So while I'm gone,
put the tower up for auction.
But I thought we were waiting
until after the groundbreaking ceremony.
We have to hurry.
I didn't expect
we'd be under so much fire.
Okay, yeah. Yes, I'll do my best
with the auction, sir.
Good luck with the big boys, brother.
See ya.
[Han-seo] Be safe, sir.
[tense music]
Mr. Cassano won't be able to help us.
He's convinced there's no gold.
Just ridiculous. He knows nothing.
It's not his gold.
Wait a second.
The gold already belongs to somebody.
The person who owns this plaza,
also owns the gold.
Does that mean Babel Group
is the rightful owner?
We have to do whatever we can
to stop them.
You're right. For the sake of justice,
Babel can't get their hands on that gold.
How about we leave Mr. Cassano
out of this,
and we'll look for the gold ourselves.
What do you say?
Mm-hm.
I better be on my way, then.
Mr. Cassano needs me.
Okay, go.
[both scream]
-[both gasp]
-My heart.
-[gasps]
-Seriously,
seeing your face up close,
it's like a freakin' monster movie. Shit!
You must be a war movie
with your face bombed out like that.
Oh, wow. You can make a baby cry.
-What are you looking at?
-[Su-nam] What?
Unbelievable.
[groans]
That little martial art prick.
What brings you here, Mr. War Movie face?
Well, I heard there was gold.
I overheard everything.
Come on, man, get it together.
You're cramping our style.
So we eavesdropped a bit, so what?
Are you kidding me?
Didn't wanna talk, huh?
[Toto stammers]
We have no idea what you're talking about.
[stutters]
Gold? You said gold? No gold here.
"You said gold? No gold."
[Mr. Park] You're a terrible actor.
[sighs]
Well…
you can call me if you need help, okay?
I'm a gold pro. Oh, yeah.
Assuming that Jang Han-seok appears,
we'll have to support these charges.
Every single charge is massive.
This is huge.
Babel's accounts, stocks, connections,
we have to check them all.
What should we pursue first?
Babel Chemicals'
illegal anti-union activities.
Best place to start.
Wusang and Babel would think the same.
Yes. I've planted a spy
to see what they might be up to.
So, it'll be easy then.
All the work will be done for us.
Right, we should go and meet up
with him later.
Yeah, we should.
-[Mr. Lee] Let me be your spy, too.
-[chokes]
If you can't hire me officially,
um, can I sign on as an intern?
-What are you talking about?
-What?
He asked me if he could help us out.
[Mr. Lee] Right.
I'm… I'm sure that I could be helpful.
You just, uh, tell me what to do.
[chuckles]
This kind of thing isn't for everyone.
Just a bit too slow or one wrong move,
-and you'll go down for--
-Great.
-Hm?
-You'll be our spy.
Thank you so much. Thank you, sir.
I'm going to prove myself to you.
I promise!
Fine by me.
[phone buzzes]
Yeah?
I see.
Okay.
Jang Han-seok…
has left the nest.
[tense music]
[sighs]
Let's go.
Hey, what's up, guys?
-[gasps]
-[guns cocking]
[Hyeok-pil] Who are you?
I'm agent Lee Cheol-uk, Jipuragi Law.
Mr. Cassano said he told you about me.
It's good to meet you.
Well, actually, we've met before.
Remember me?
The underpass. Three men. Bam!
[laughs]
Well, what are you up to then?
Can you give me the, uh, binoculars?
Thanks. Good. Yup.
[gasps, exclaims]
Out of these six possible charges,
which one is most likely to be pursued?
-Who wants to guess?
-[Do-hun] I will.
Babel Chemicals' anti-union activities.
Most obvious.
Babel Chemical labor union.
They're invincible.
They're like a weed you can't get rid of.
Babel's most powerful union,
and their leader is well respected.
We gave them a long leash,
and now they need to be put down.
What do you have in mind, then?
I think you already know.
I do? Oh…
-Mr. Park.
-Yes?
Set up a meeting with the union leader.
Say it's important.
Are you going to do what you did
to the Daseong Textile's union?
Something like that.
You make sure we have enough
to compensate their families.
Wait a second.
Things work differently now.
Besides, what if it all backfires?
Now, Han-seo, let's see if he can help us.
He could try negotiating.
He's been gaining a lot of experience.
The boy has good potential.
Seung-hyuk.
Yes, what's up?
I'm your friend.
Listen carefully.
[laughs]
All right.
Watch out.
You are playing a dangerous game now.
[flustered chuckle]
And the price of losing is high.
Do not bet your life.
Think about it, Seung-hyuk.
You're scaring me, Myung-hee.
Myung-hee!
[sucks teeth]
[slurping]
[clears throat]
[Seong-wan] I overheard an argument.
There's trouble in paradise
for Ms. Choi and Mr. Han.
They seem to be supporting
different people.
It sounded to me like Mr. Han
is loyal to Jang Han-seo.
I knew it was only a matter of time.
Babel Chemicals union,
have you made any progress?
-Now, wait a minute.
-[chuckles]
When are you going to send me
to the other law firm?
Ah, yeah…
Mm, well…
[slurps]
Well, you know that it's not that simple.
[scoffs]
Well then, I guess that's it.
Until I get the job, you've got no spy.
What?
[breathes deeply]
What about working
for Lamborghini, the cars?
What? Lamborghini?
I know their firm manager,
if you're interested.
They, obviously,
make the best sports cars.
Pay is good,
and the work isn't that tough, really.
I could get you a job with them in Italy.
-[gasps]
-[Cha-young] Oh, wow.
[mimics engine's revving]
Quick question.
What if I ask for a Lamborghini of my own?
I think we can make that work.
[gasps]
[Seong-wan] Oh, you wanted to know
about the Babel Chemicals union.
Ms. Choi said she was taking care of it.
-But that's all I know.
-[sighs]
And that would mean
some convenient accidents, I bet.
[chuckles]
May I ask a favor?
Yeah, anything you want.
You do impressions, don't you?
I went to see Parasite, good movie.
[in deep voice]
Lamborghinis, they're good, huh?
[gasps]
[Seong-wan] Are they as fast as they say?
[in daft voice]
Yup, they're the fastest in South Korea.
You step on the gas, hmm.
So let's see, if Mr. Han teams up
with Han-seo and Myung-hee with Han-seok,
it's gonna be so much fun
to watch the infighting.
Who do you think would win, though?
I think that I would choose Jang Han-seo.
You know that sometimes, the underdogs,
they could be scrappy.
And yet we call them underdogs
for a reason.
[Cha-young] Thank you. Hm.
Do you know the difference between
bungeoppang and ingeoppang?
[Vincenzo] Of course.
You do? No one else
seems to know the difference.
Tell me.
[chuckles]
It's the shape of the mouth.
The shape's a little different.
[laughs]
Oh, come on. That's crazy.
You can tell it's the dough.
[Vincenzo] The dough is the same.
It's the fish's mouth.
So, a friendly bet then?
You're on. So what's the bet?
Forehead flick?
Okay. Return match.
Just warming up.
I'm gonna get you so good. Ha!
-I won't go easy on you.
-Game on.
-I'm not kidding.
-Oh, me neither, though,
-when you least expect it. Ha!
-Yeah, sure.
Look at this. Look.
Right. But this is an ingeoppang.
-And look at the mouth.
-Yes, but crispy dough.
-I'm right.
-About 85 percent
of the bungeoppang we eat
is actually ingeoppang, you know.
[Vincenzo] Where do you get this stuff?
[Cha-young] I'm telling you, it's true.
[Mr. Park] Aha!
[Mr. Park laughs]
-What's that?
-Mr. Vincenzo Cassano.
We're not so different, you and I.
You're Italian Mafia,
and I was Geumga-dong Mafia.
[laughs]
[Mr. Park] Isn't that funny?
[Vincenzo] We're not the same.
You're just a thug.
Come on, man. Take the olive branch, huh?
Anyway, you two can rent a balloon
anytime you want one.
Let me know if you ever need to, uh,
run away.
Hmm.
Ah, look at this camaraderie, huh?
-[Mr. Park laughs]
-[Vincenzo] Sure.
[continues laughing]
Well, you get prettier every day.
The guy still has
some good taste at least.
[groans]
What is this?
Hot-air balloons?
That's pretty out there, even for them.
-The idea's okay, though.
-Hmm.
[Cha-young] I think it looks fun.
[chuckles]
No. You'll die riding it.
-Let's take a ride together.
-[Vincenzo] Nope, I don't wanna die.
[Cha-young] Come on!
Add the fuel charges…
[sighs]
I'm so tired from handing out fliers.
There aren't many people
who need to skip town.
We just need to keep going, hmm?
Dogs that work hard
will find the very best garbage.
-I hate garbage.
-[Mr. Park] Let's just work harder, okay?
-Hey, did you remember--
-Hi, Mr. Park.
[laughs awkwardly]
[Hui-su] Oh, try this too.
[laughs]
-[Larry] It's tasty with the sauce.
-[Su-nam] Delicious!
[Hui-su] Isn't it good?
Wow. I mean, this is just…
[Hui-su giggles]
But why are you guys
being so nice to us now?
[exhales]
Well, we'd like to propose a truce.
Water on the bridge.
-[chuckles]
-Visit my restaurant next time, please.
It would be my pleasure
to prepare your meal.
Ah, you guys, come on,
you're way too much.
You're looking for the gold, aren't you?
[Hui-su] How do we find it?
We all wanna know.
-You said you're an expert.
-Mmm.
It's funny.
The food is great.
[chuckles]
[laughs]
Who's that?
Hmm, what am I looking at?
Doesn't look like a real person.
What are you talking about?
This is the best gold prospector
that money or gold can buy
anywhere in Korea.
He's known as Keum Gwang-jin, okay?
Keum Gwang-jin? Is that his real name?
Labels are not important.
He's the best damn prospector around.
Really something.
-That's him.
-Hey, look, look.
[Mr. Park] Oh, this guy.
Should we have him over?
He's up on Mount Odae. I miss him.
[exhales deeply]
[tense music]
[keyboard clacking]
[digital trilling]
[tense music]
[computer beeps]
When I get to the basement,
that gold will belong to me.
[off-key piano playing]
The only person who knows
you're the real Kim Jin-min is me.
Once you're out of the picture,
I'll be Kim Jin-min instead.
[actor 1]
I'll never let you take my life.
THE AGE OF STRAY DOGS AND WILD DOGS
[gunshot]
[actor 2] Oh, look at that.
I already did.
[laughing]
-[scoffs]
-[laughing on TV continues]
[beeps]
Shit.
[slams]
[water trickling]
[clanks]
[sighs]
[foreboding music]
[exhales]
[chilling music]
[ominous music]
[suspenseful music]
[chomping]
Mm. Mm.
These are a delicacy
to some people, you know.
Mm, go ahead. Have some.
You can't make me accept these terms.
That's my final answer, ma'am.
Hey, now.
You'll be the branch's vice president
in the US.
We can offer you 20,000 shares
of Babel Chemical as compensation.
And we will pay for your children's
education in full.
I heard that your oldest is really bright.
Send them to Harvard.
We'll double your severance pay.
Is there anything more we can do for you?
Tell me, it's okay. Please.
[sighs]
I already told you, I won't do it.
And it's insulting
that you'd think I would.
[sighs]
You're going to refuse this? What a shame.
The prosecution's gonna hear
about this matter.
You're mocking the union and me.
I would never mock you.
I'm not a mockingbird.
[laughs]
I'm gonna go now.
[Myung-hee laughs]
[singing]
♪ I'm not a mockingbird ♪
[suspenseful music]
[chimes]
[exhales sharply]
[chomping]
[truck tires screech]
[tense music]
[exhales]
I guess, you should have said yes.
Eyeballs, where are you?
Here's one.
Fishy.
[chomping]
[classical music playing on speakers]
[phone buzzes]
-[Vincenzo] Yes?
-What the hell did you do?
[Vincenzo]
Oh, it's you. Mr. Jang Han-seok.
[Vincenzo laughs]
You mean the bottled water?
[Vincenzo] You see,
I had a terrible experience
with bottled water
when I first arrived in Korea.
Someone had to pay.
[tense music]
REVOLUTIONARY PRODUCTS
[Vincenzo] But honestly, it was too easy.
Just wasn't satisfying.
And yet, you still failed.
You must be losing your touch.
Mm.
You're so funny. I kept you alive.
[gulping]
[sighs]
[hiccups]
[groaning]
[groaning continues]
[spraying]
[grunts]
[comedic music]
How many… How many fingers?
Mm. Three! Three!
[Vincenzo] I tested it
to make sure the effects
were only temporary.
If the dosage had been off at all,
we both know you'd be dead by now.
Why not just kill me?
Mm. I assure you I will.
And very soon,
you'll die as Babel's little lapdog,
a nobody at Wusang.
I want you to die in obscurity.
[Vincenzo] I won't let you die
as Chairman Jang Han-seok.
You'll have no name, no status, no glory.
[scoffs]
So run and hide, you little lapdog.
I'll find you.
Just try it.
Come on, Mafia.
You come and find me, asshole!
Excuse me,
it's the best part of the piece.
[classical music playing on speakers]
[classical music fades out]
Fire all of the guards out there,
right now,
and get me better security.
Yes, of course. But this is Wusang's most
trusted security force. Leave it to me.
How is it that over three days,
I've almost been killed twice, hmm?
Sir, we have men moving
on Geumga Plaza soon.
What if they were to take out Vincenzo?
Shut your mouth.
[grumbles]
I'm sure it's frustrating, sir.
[Myung-hee]
But I've got some good news at least.
[Joon-woo] Well, what is it?
That union leader we recently
talked about, I took care of him…
permanently.
[gasps]
That was fast.
What happens to the union
without him around?
Strong leaders have a way
of making their absence felt.
Soon, the union will crumble.
[Joon-woo laughs]
Oh, Ms. Choi, I feel so much better now.
[Joon-woo sighs in relief]
You're the best!
Come on!
[imitates explosion]
[laughs hysterically]
[chuckles]
[chuckles awkwardly]
[TV reporter] The victim
of the hit and run has been identified
as the head of Babel Chemicals
labor union, Mr. Lee.
He died at the scene. The driver
had a blood alcohol level of 0.171.
[sighs]
Babel and Wusang did it again.
It just makes me sick.
So this must be her way then.
To kill that many people,
they need to keep hiring
and getting rid of hitmen.
How do they keep finding
criminal after criminal?
It's unbelievable!
[grunts]
I hate them!
Some lawyers out there
use the law as a currency.
Lessen sentences, keep people out of jail,
for a price, of course.
Babel has tons of people to use.
You're talking
like you've done this before.
No comment.
[Mr. Tak] Mr. Cassano!
[Ju-sung] Oh, you're here quite early.
-Oh, hello.
-Good morning.
I just came to say, don't bother
helping us find that gold anymore.
Yeah, we're going to be getting
a professional.
-Keum Gwang-jin.
-Gold?
Keum Gwang-jin?
Uh…
I have no idea what you're saying,
but you should do what you want.
What is this?
You don't know? What?
Didn't Mr. Cassano tell you?
There is, apparently, a huge pile of gold
in the building somewhere.
Is that really true?
It's just a silly rumor, unsubstantiated.
[Mr. Tak] And you two had no idea?
[laughs]
Everyone in the Plaza knew about it.
Even Larry knew about it.
I mean, how could they know
and you didn't?
[laughs]
-[Mr. Tak] Oh, boy.
-[laughing continues]
-This is just too funny.
-[guffaws]
[Mr. Tak] Let's get out of here.
[Hui-su] I haven't laughed like this
in a while. Hang on a sec.
Don't fight, all right?
It's just a little bit of gold.
-Huh?
-Hey, come on.
-Oh.
-They'll be fine.
What makes you think
we would go and fight?
Whoa! Okay, okay.
I remember.
Back at the bar, you told me. You told me.
You said the gold was hidden.
[exhales sharply]
Beneath Nanyak,
buried underground.
[gasps]
Oh, Merciful Buddha!
Hey, you should've told me
that it was true.
I did tell you that it was true.
[gasps]
Well, it seems I'm the only one
who didn't know.
Left out again. That's me.
[Ju-sung] We've been through so much
in the last, what, several months.
That really hurts my heart.
Hey, to be fair, they haven't figured out
where it is, though.
You told me it was worth 150 billion.
Billion?
[sighs deeply]
Mr. Nam.
The gold bars are worth more
than one trillion won.
[both gasp]
Why did you only say billion to me?
You now, back then, we weren't close yet.
-Oh, come on.
-[groans]
Mr. Cassano, I'm so…
[sighs]
I thought we were close.
I thought of you as my own family.
[breathing heavily]
My brother.
-No.
-Come on. Bring it in.
-No…
-Hey, it's okay.
-It must've been so hard.
-[Cha-young] My brothers.
-My brothers.
-[Vincenzo] I don't…
[sighs]
[somber music]
[hissing]
HAIR DESIGNER MI-NU
HAIR DESIGNER SEO-NU
Maybe, you could stay somewhere else?
No, I like it here. Get extra security.
Of course, sir.
Careful with the look, guys.
I wanna be strong and mature.
[Mi-nu and Seo-nu] Yes, sir.
Hey, let's… We should go hunting
tomorrow, maybe.
You know, forget about everything.
Our permits are due to expire soon.
Hmm, wait a sec.
Maybe we should.
-I haven't hunted since Father died.
-Yeah, I know, me neither.
Mm-hm.
Ah, we'll have to get
some guns, of course.
I can tell Mr. Kim to bring some for us.
[chuckles]
Okay. Continue.
[slurping]
[exhales sharply]
1.05 trillion.
I can't even picture that much gold.
And the whole thing belongs to you?
Seventy percent, and the rest…
The rest is for Mr. Cho.
[laughs]
You hear this, 70 percent.
Seven hundred thirty billion!
You really are Mr. Moneybags!
[Vincenzo sighs]
[chuckles]
We're a family now.
Which means, we have to stand together.
Am I hearing you right?
Does your family get some gold?
-They sure do.
-[Cha-young exclaims]
I'll figure out exactly how much.
Give me a shotgun.
[shushes]
I'm gonna guard
the heck out of that temple.
Oh…
[laughs]
This is so crazy. We're going to be rich!
I just can't believe it!
-[Cha-young giggling]
-Shh, keep it down.
Wait a minute. What will we do
if the tenants keep looking?
We play dumb.
[sighs]
We'll play dumb,
because it's the kinder thing to do.
[moans]
Oh, wait. Right there.
It's like a knot in my back.
Ouch!
[groans]
[breathing heavily]
[door closes]
[exhales sharply]
You visited the prosecution office.
What's going on?
Our friends, the prosecution,
got word of a leak
from International Security
Intelligence Service.
So what?
[sighs]
This is insane.
Do you remember The Intelligence Service's
Guillotine file?
Of course,
but they decided not to release it.
They didn't decide anything.
Their whole system was hacked,
and they lost the file,
but they didn't disclose the loss.
They pretended the file was still safe.
The prosecution is furious.
[scoffs]
[tense music]
Sit down. You're late.
I don't understand who could've
leaked this to the prosecution?
Who? And why? Why?
I guess this means the prosecution knows
all about the Guillotine file, right?
[sighs]
This is humiliating.
[sighs deeply]
[Director Tae]
You need to help us clean up this mess.
I'm sorry, sir.
But I'm still needed at the Plaza.
Hey, you're an executive agent here,
so start acting like it.
I swear I will, sir. It's just…
the people need me at the Plaza.
I know there's some trouble coming.
-Be back soon.
-Hey, Mr. An!
-I'm sorry, sir.
-Hey.
[Director Tae] Come back here, right now!
Are you out of your mind? We take half
of the total. That's our half.
-The other half…
-[Gi-seok] Mr. Consigliere!
[panting]
What is it?
Please, I need some advice right now.
What do you need?
It's about the Intelligence Service.
If you could help with a particular prob--
[gasps]
[snaps fingers]
"Intelligence Service"?
[Cha-young] Oh, right. We never told you.
He's an Intelligence officer
and a double agent working for us.
-Crazy!
-"Double agent"?
[gasps]
Wow.
And you left me out again.
[Ju-sung] Is it too much to ask
what's going on?
Why do you leave me out every time?
[sighs]
What am I to you?
Am I like this kettle? Hmm?
-We're…
-[Ju-sung] Look how dented it is.
The same as my poor heart.
A few years ago, our Intelligence Service
was given an order by a former president.
[former president] I want surveillance
done on high-ranking officials,
prosecutors, individuals in the finance,
culture and sports sector.
I want a detailed account.
[Gi-seok] We recorded every single
corrupt deed linked to these people,
and compiled them into a file.
We called it Guillotine.
Even the name is sinister.
-The "Guillotine" file?
-Mm-hm.
Why make something like that?
Look, putting it mildly,
the president wanted to make sure
he was protected after he resigned.
What he actually wanted
was to stay out of jail.
[Gi-seok] Exactly.
Unfortunately, our plan was sabotaged.
DRAGON
[Gi-seok] A year later, hackers
from the North Dragon Gang in China
gained access to our server
and stole the file.
Once done, they deleted our own copy.
GUILLOTINE FINAL REPORT TOP SECRET
The Intelligence Service
kept the theft a secret.
We marked the file as classified,
said we were choosing not to release it.
We pretended that nothing
had ever happened.
That's a really intense cover-up. Wow.
And what about the hackers?
We searched for an eternity,
and finally, we identified
the mastermind who had given
the order from Shanghai.
We had him in our sights, and then…
I can't stand the suspense.
The mastermind was in your sights, hmm?
Buckle up.
Friends, he'd hidden the file
and loads of money somewhere in Korea.
And after, he met his maker
via heart attack.
[tense music]
What was the boss' name?
I'm curious.
His name was Wang Shaolin.
So, the file is back in Korea, I guess.
Question. If you were a crime boss,
like Wang Shaolin,
where would you have hidden it?
Tell me, consigliere.
I don't know.
Could you, maybe, think about it--
I'm drawing a blank.
No, sorry.
So, where's the file now?
[sighs]
Nobody knows.
If this gets out,
the whole country would be in turmoil.
The fallout would be catastrophic
for everyone involved.
Babel's no exception.
[sighs]
How serious is it?
So I'm not certain what they've got,
but I know Babel's been making
monthly payments.
-Hush money to keep them quiet.
-Oh.
So, it's got to be pretty bad.
We need to find it quickly.
Exactly, but how are we gonna do that?
We've got zero leads on it.
Do we tell the boss?
No.
We'll do some digging first.
Let's wait and tell him when it's time.
[lighter clicks]
[Vincenzo] Wang Shaolin.
The Guillotine file.
We know he hid it in Korea.
We know it's with his money.
But how could he have disguised the file?
Unless…
[suspenseful music]
[chuckles]
[laughs]
[Joon-woo] Oh, this one's gorgeous.
Oh, it's been ages
since I held one of these.
Tell me about it. Probably been years now.
[gun cocking]
Hey, do you really think there's no need
for hunting dogs?
Nah, we'll be fine without them.
Just you and me.
Fine.
-Let's roll.
-Okay.
[Joon-woo mimics gunshots]
[Joon-woo] Awesome!
[birds chirping]
[Joon-woo sighs]
Hey, do you remember,
the first time we met
was at the vacation house.
Yeah, I remember.
[Joon-woo] Father would take us hunting,
so that we'd bond, I guess, like a family.
The gunfire freaked us out so much,
we hid behind him. But look at us now.
I was actually scared, though.
[laughs]
So was I.
-[Joon-woo] Over there.
-[gun fires]
[Joon-woo] Damn, lost it!
[foreboding music]
[Joon-woo sighs]
Where did it go?
[sighs]
[Seung-hyuk] This could be
your chance, sir.
Seize the opportunity.
He's standing in your way.
Watch what you say, Mr. Han.
You're telling me to murder my brother?
Yes! And I hope you'll do it
for your own good.
I'll help you to become
everything you dreamed of.
You don't need to be scared of him.
You can be so much more!
-Yes, but--
-Boy, show some ambition!
[growls]
Jang Han-seo, show us who you are!
[bangs table]
You need to think hard
about what you want,
and what you're willing to do
to achieve it.
[Seung-hyuk] You have to do it now.
Clear the path to the throne.
[Joon-woo] Hey, what are you doing?
-Get up here.
-[Han-seo] Coming!
Han-seok! I see something over there.
Where?
[gun cocks]
Look over to your right!
Where? Where?
Yeah, it's that way!
I think I see it.
[ominous music]
-[gun fires]
-[groans]
[tense music]
[panting]
[tense music continues]
[gun cocks]
[foreboding music]
[tense music continues]
You're…
[chuckles]
Brother…
you were always a crap shot.
[breathing heavily]
[gasps]
[suspenseful music]
-[man] Hey, what's going on?
-[dogs barking]
[panting]
Hey, help me!
[breathing heavily]
[Han-seo] Sir!
[panting]
Sir!
Sir! Oh, no. Sir, oh no!
Wake up, sir! Please!
-[man] What happened?
-[Han-seo] Please help us.
-[man] He's lost a lot of blood.
-[Han-seo] Sir!
-[man] Hang on, hang on.
-[Han-seo] Sir! Sir!
[man] 911. Yes. There's been an accident.
-[Han-seo whimpering]
-[man] I don't know.
Sir!
[sobbing]
[man] There's a man here in the forest
who was shot.
Yes. An accident, I think.
His side. Yeah.
Well, well. I was right.
Look at this.
What?
An article on ingeoppang and bungeoppang.
[Cha-young] The difference between them.
"A special dough is what gives
ingeoppang its crispy texture."
You told me it was the mouth and teeth.
Just ridiculous.
But I'm right.
Oh, poor you. Your forehead, come on.
[Cha-young clears throat]
[grunting]
[sighs]
[Vincenzo clears throat]
Fine.
I accept defeat.
Hold still,
and don't you move a muscle.
Now, let's go.
I'm like a statue.
Yeah.
[Cha-young laughs]
Hey, enough with the warm up.
Just get it over with.
["Is This Love" by Aalia playing]
♪ Is this real ♪
♪ What I'm feeling deep inside ♪
Ms. Hong.
♪ How can I ♪
♪ When it's everywhere ♪
♪ Every little breath I take ♪
-[grunts]
-[groans]
[Vincenzo groans]
[quirky music]
[groans]
Oh, wow. I think I have a concussion.
Come on. I was holding back.
-Trust me…
-[sighs]
I'm terrifying at full power.
[phone buzzing]
Ah…
Yeah?
When?
Uh-huh. Keep watching them.
What's going on?
Jang Han-seok.
He and his brother went hunting together,
and he was shot by accident.
Is he dead?
He's at the hospital.
Nothing else has been confirmed.
There's no way that was an accident.
Which means, there's a war.
But which brother is going to win it?
[breathing heavily]
[sobbing]
Doctor, is he gonna make it?
He was bleeding excessively.
The bullet hit his liver.
We managed to extract it
and stopped the bleeding.
Your brother's out of danger.
There's no need to worry.
[sighs]
[Seung-hyuk grunts]
[clears throat]
Thank you for sparing him, gracious Lord.
[Han-seo sobbing]
[breathing heavily]
[tense music]
[panting]
[water trickling]
[Han-seo]
Get a hold of yourself. No regrets.
Okay? Understand?
Don't you be scared, okay?
There's no going back now.
This is it.
[tense music]
[heart monitor beeping]
[Myung-hee gasps]
Sir.
[Joon-woo exhales]
[breathes heavily]
I just had the worst nightmare.
I was being buried in an unmarked grave.
[sighs]
[Joon-woo] There was someone.
Someone was burying me.
No one else was there.
I beat death
but what if the dream comes true?
What if I…
die in obscurity?
Help me, please,
my consigliere.
There's a decision you need to make.
You either do nothing
and this happens again,
or you step up and own your name.
You show the whole world.
You show them you're the chairman.
But so far, I've been able to hide.
Hiding doesn't win wars.
I think your greatest weakness
is your anonymity.
It's being exploited.
Oh, Han-seo.
You'll regret this. You will.
Let's not jump to conclusions.
It might've been an accident.
Accident?
Let's say that for now.
[tense music]
[tense music continues]
[sighs]
[phone beeps]
Ah, Mr. Cassano.
I need to speak with you right away.
-[sighs]
-[footsteps approaching]
-Thanks.
-Sure.
Why did you need to see me so urgently?
[sighs]
The truth is, my daughter,
she had to, um… Well, she had
to quit her violin lessons last month.
And my… my wife quit her Pilates class.
Mm.
It's money. Money's just too tight.
So, I'd appreciate my share soon. Yeah.
Oh.
-You want to take out the gold?
-Yes.
We'll just take out a bit, you know,
and make sure that it's still safe.
Well…
[slurps]
[sighs]
Look, how much would it be?
I'll give it to you.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
Maybe, about… let's see. About 30 billion.
[spits]
What?
I need 30 billion won.
Why all the debt? What did you do?
Oh.
[sighs]
I'm so ashamed.
I spent all my money on stocks,
gambling a few horse races,
-other sports.
-Bastard!
You… you shit!
[whimpers]
-I'm so sorry. You son of a…
-It's okay.
I'm so sorry. Please forgive me.
Please forgive me.
-Look, just… It's all fine.
-Really, I'm sorry, Mr. Cassano.
And from you of all people!
-I know. I know.
-Why?
I knew how much was mine
and we were so close.
It got the best of me.
[Vincenzo exhales sharply]
[groans]
[sighs]
Okay, look.
We'll get however much gold you need.
And after that, we talk.
Great. Thank you so much. Thank you.
But we'll need a few hours
to get the gold out.
How are we gonna clear out the temple?
[sighs]
GEUMGA PLAZA
[Cha-young sighs]
[groans]
How can we force those monks to leave?
I could, maybe,
take them out for a picnic.
No. We need the Plaza locked up
for the day.
[clicks tongue]
Right. Yeah.
Pretty often,
they just drop in on each other.
A surprise, that would be bad.
I think I've got a great idea.
Are you serious?
A trip to the hot springs?
It's on us. We know you've all
been through so much lately.
So you get a vacation.
That's right. Everybody gets to rest there
and comes back home rejuvenated.
Here, take a good look at this.
Jipuragi will cover all your expenses.
[Ju-sung] It's the perfect hot spring.
I checked.
A pH of 8.3, a glorious view,
and 53 degrees.
But I give dance classes every day.
My students don't like it when I cancel.
Me too. For a trip like this,
I would need new clothes,
but I can't afford that.
I'll go. I'd like to relax.
-Me too.
Me too. I could use some exfoliating.
-Mm-hm.
-Who'd like to scrub my back?
I would be glad to do it for you.
[moans]
Ah, that's the spot.
-[laughs]
-Hey, stop it.
This isn't practical.
How can we take the day off?
And we can't leave the temple unattended.
You spend all day in the basement.
-You should pamper your skin.
-Right.
I have perfect skin.
I'll be just fine.
-[Toto] Let's go.
-[Hui-su] Catch you later.
[Ju-sung]
Wait, there's something else.
A competition and a price. Yeah.
Whoever takes the best photo of the day
will receive a price.
Twenty million won.
-Twenty million?
-Are you serious, what?
[overlapping chatter]
Twenty million.
What the hell are you doing?
Mm. Mm-hm.
[chuckles]
[Ju-sung] It's all right.
Babel Tower.
Babel Tower wasn't built for profit.
It was built for people.
Director generals, assemblymen,
and, of course, prosecutors.
Whoever helps Babel
will get a piece of Babel Tower.
This much to be exact.
How about we start at the top,
the penthouse.
[Han-seo laughs]
This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
-Who among you can Babel call a friend?
-[door opens]
[Han-seo] Hey, hey, hey!
What are you doing?
[tense music]
Hey, you call that a pitch?
What? Are you trying
to bore them to death?
Excuse me. And you are?
Chief Prosecutor.
How are you doing?
Who are you?
Oh, of course.
The helmet and the mask I had on,
you wouldn't know.
[laughs]
It's me!
[ominous music]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Joon-woo laughs]
Ladies, gentlemen, I'm Choi Myung-hee,
Wusang Law,
and Babel's legal representative,
if you have any questions.
And this is former Chairman
Jang Guk-hwan's eldest son.
He is Jang Han-seo's older brother.
-Wait. Wait. What does that mean?
-What did she say?
Oh.
[chuckles]
[Joon-woo] Stop it.
You're embarrassing me.
My name is Jang Han-seok.
But call me Babel's brand-new chairman.
[chuckles]
Brother, you've done so much hard work.
[Joon-woo] Come here. Come on.
[Joon-woo laughs]
[whispers]
You bastard. The pain was excruciating.
[suspenseful music]
[Ju-sung] Come on, everyone. Hop on.
[Mr. Park]
Hey, we got this bus for you all.
-Free of charge.
-[Ju-sung] Let's go.
And don't forget the name,
Byebye Balloon.
Just look at this guy. Please.
[Hui-su laughs]
This is so exciting.
[Mr. Lee] Bye. Thanks again. Thank you.
-I feel so bad leaving you all.
-I know.
-Hurry, let's go. Come on.
-All right. Bye.
[laughs]
[Su-nam] Hey, look who decided
to come along after all.
[Ju-sung] Watch your step.
[Hui-su] I can't believe it.
[Ju-sung] Hop on.
[engine starts]
Have the best time. Bye.
[laughs]
See ya.
Let's go.
[tense music]
NANYAK TEMPLE
[Vincenzo] Nanyak Temple.
[sighs]
Let's do it.
Wait.
The door's unlocked.
Yeah, they leave it open
if anyone wants to pray.
[exhales sharply]
Oh, Buddha, I am very sorry.
[upbeat music]
-Crowbar.
-Okay.
-[Vincenzo] Which side?
-[Mr. Cho] Here.
[Vincenzo] One, two, three.
[both] One, two, three.
[Vincenzo] Get under it.
[grunts]
-Grab it!
-[both grunting]
Come on, again.
One, two, three.
-[both grunting]
-[slams]
[both panting]
Hang on.
[device beeping]
-[trilling]
-[lock clicks]
-Yes!
-[tapping back]
[panting]
[creaking]
Help me with this. Please.
[panting]
-Come on, give me a hand.
-Okay.
-[Mr. Cho] Come on.
-[Vincenzo] Wait, wait. I got it.
[Mr. Cho] Lift. Lift. Come on.
[both grunting]
[both groaning]
-[chuckles]
-Right.
[Vincenzo] Careful. Are you good?
[Vincenzo grunting]
[panting]
[suspenseful music]
It's all here.
We finally did it.
Take a look at all that gold.
This is unbelievable.
[both laughing]
[breathing heavily]
Plenty of cultural artifacts too.
[laughs]
[sucks teeth]
[gun cocks]
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music rises]
SPECIAL THANKS TO AHN CHANG-HWAN,
HWANG CHANSUNG, NICHKHUN